add documentation for terraform cloud agents on tfe (#1858)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/agents-on-tfe.html.md

---
layout: "enterprise"
page_title: "Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE - Infrastructure Administration - Terraform Enterprise"
---

# Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE

Terraform Cloud Agents allow Terraform Enterprise to communicate with isolated,
private, or on-premises infrastructure. By deploying lightweight agents within a
specific network segment, you can establish a simple connection between your
environment and Terraform Enterprise which allows for provisioning operations and
management.

> Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE behave very similarly to [Terraform Cloud Agents on TFC](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/agents/index.html), with a few exceptions listed below. This page contains the steps to get started and operational requirements for Terraform Enterprise. 

Reviewer: One more tiny nit - does this contain the steps to get started? I think it's largely just differences. Maybe we omit "steps to get started" so it's clearer?

Author: Sorry, i think i got a few things backwards. The intent of this is to say, "the page at Terraform Cloud Agents on TFC is the primary source of documentation, and _this current_ page ('Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE') contains TFE-specific information". Right now I don't feel like this is being well-conveyed; i'm gonna rework it. sorry for confusing things!

Reviewer: No worries - that makes sense! I just took a look and I like the new version!

---
layout: "enterprise"

> page_title: "Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE - Infrastructure Administration - Terraform Enterprise"

Reviewer: Can you add a metadata page description to the top of this page? :-) It helps with SEO!

Author: Is that a `description` field? I hadn't seen that on other pages, I'm assuming all that was added in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/pull/1841

Reviewer: yes! And you're right, it's new :-)  Maybe something like: 

description: |-
   Cloud agents let Terraform manage isolated, private, or on-premises infrastructure. Learn what's different when you use cloud agents in Terraform Enterprise vs. Terraform Cloud.

Author: Added! Thanks!

---

# Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE

Terraform Cloud Agents allow Terraform Enterprise to communicate with isolated,
private, or on-premises infrastructure. By deploying lightweight agents within a
specific network segment, you can establish a simple connection between your
environment and Terraform Enterprise which allows for provisioning operations and
management.

> Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE behave identically to [Terraform Cloud Agents on TFC](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/agents/index.html). Please reference this

Reviewer 2: Can this just be `/docs/cloud/agents/index.html`, since this is the same base domain?

Author: Everything else I had seen on other pages had been fully qualified links. I'll play with this though :+1:

Reviewer: Oh yes - just to second @RussellRollins I think where possible we should do internal links to our own docs!

> Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE behave identically to [Terraform Cloud Agents on TFC](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/agents/index.html). Please reference this
> document for getting started steps and operational requirements. Exceptions and
> additional requirements are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE behave very similarly to [Terraform Cloud Agents on TFC](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/agents/index.html), with a few exceptions listed below. This page contains the steps to get started and operational requirements for Terraform Enterprise. 
```

Author: I tried to get too tricky with phrasing this. I felt like putting "This page contains the steps to get started and operational requirements for Terraform Enterprise" made the "this" sound like the _current_ page, not the linked page. Ah well.

-> **Note:** Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE are available in TFE releases `v202109-1`
and later.

## Differences Between Agents on TFC and TFE

* **No restriction on Agent or Agent Pool Count**: Terraform Enterprise does not
place a limitation on the number of Agent Pools that can be created per organization,
or the number of Agents that may register themselves with a given pool.

* **Hostname Registration**: Terraform Cloud Agents registering with a TFE instance
must define the TFE hostname via the `-address` CLI flag or `TFC_ADDRESS` environment

> variable when running the `tfc-agent` binary. By default, the `tfc-agent` binary

Reviewer 2: I might not mention the binary explicitly like this. You will also need to define `TFC_ADDRESS` if you run the Docker image.

Author: Cleaned up :+1:

will attempt to connect to Terraform Cloud, so this value must be explicitly defined
when registering with a TFE instance.

* **Custom Bundle Support**: Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE support
[custom Terraform bundles](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/tree/main/tools/terraform-bundle).
Custom bundles are created and defined within the TFE application; Agents will
download the custom bundle based on the Terraform version information. See
[using a custom Terraform bundle](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360016992613-Using-custom-and-community-providers-in-Terraform-Cloud-and-Enterprise)
for more detail on custom bundles in TFE.

* **Network Access Requirements**: Terraform Cloud Agents on TFE must be able to

> communcate with the TFE instance via HTTPS. Additionally, the agent must also be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
communicate with the TFE instance via HTTPS. Additionally, the agent must also be
```
